Fix tracker_id, priority_id, status_id to handle custom ids (#33773)
demisto/content: Packs/Redmine/Integrations/Redmine/README.md

### redmine-issue-create

***

- Create a new issue.

> - By default, the status of the newly created issue will be set to the status the user set in the Redmine instance as default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, the status of the newly created issue will be set to the status you set in the Redmine instance.
```

| issue_id | An array of issue IDs to display -&gt; 1,2,3. | Optional | 
| project_id | Aa project ID to display issues of this project. If not specified here or in the integration configuration, all projects will be displayed. | Optional | 
| subproject_id | A subproject ID to display issues of this subproject (use "project_id=someID" and "subproject_id=!name_of_subproject" to exclude subprojects). | Optional | 

> | tracker | Enter a tracker ID (e.g 1,2,3) or a tracker name (e.g Bug/Task). | Optional | 
> | status | - The status to display issues related to this status.  <br/>- You can use Open/Closed/All from the predefined values or use any of your custom status ids (e.g 1)/ status names(e.g New). | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tracker | Enter a tracker ID (e.g., 1,2,3) or a tracker name (e.g., Bug/Task). | Optional | 
| status | - The status to display issues related to this status.  <br/>- You can use Open/Closed/All from the predefined values or use any of your custom status IDs (e.g., 1)/ status names (e.g., New). | Optional | 
```

| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | The ID of the issue to be updated. | Required | 
| project_id | The ID of the project to associate with the issue. If not specified, the value from integration configuration will be taken if specified. | Optional | 

> | tracker | Enter a tracker ID (e.g 1,2,3) or a tracker name (e.g Bug/Task). | Optional | 
> | status | Enter a status ID (e.g 1,2,3) or a status name (e.g New/Closed). | Optional | 
> | priority | Enter a priority ID (e.g 1,2,3) or a priority name (e.g Low/High). | Optional | 
> | subject | The subject of the issue. | Optional | 
> | description | The description of the issue. | Optional | 
> | category_id | The ID of the category to assign to the issue. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tracker | Enter a tracker ID (e.g., 1,2,3) or a tracker name (e.g., Bug/Task). | Optional | 
| status | Enter a status ID (e.g., 1,2,3) or a status name (e.g., New/Closed). | Optional | 
| priority | Enter a priority ID (e.g., 1,2,3) or a priority name (e.g., Low/High). | Optional | 
| subject | The subject of the issue. | Optional | 
| description | The description of the issue. | Optional | 
| category_id | The ID of the category to assign to the issue. | Optional | 
```

| --- | --- | --- |
| issue_id | The ID of the issue to be updated. | Required | 
| project_id | The ID of the project to associate with the issue. If not specified, the value from integration configuration will be taken if specified. | Optional | 
| tracker_id | - A tracker ID (e.g., 1,2,3).<br/>- You can find the mapping from tracker_name to tracker_id using the command redmine-tracker-id-list.<br/>- If you entered an invalid ID, it will use the default tracker from your Redmine instance. | Optional | 
| priority_id | - A priority ID (e.g., 1,2,3).<br/>- You can find the mapping from priority_name to priority_id using the command redmine-priority-id-list. | Optional | 

> | status | - A status ID (e.g., 1,2,3).<br/> - You can find the mapping from status_name to status_id using the command redmine-status-id-list.<br/>  - If you entered an invalid ID, status_id won't be changed but won't raise an error. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| status | - A status ID (e.g., 1,2,3).<br/> - You can find the mapping from status_name to status_id using the command redmine-status-id-list.<br/>  - If you entered an invalid ID, status_id won't be changed and won't raise an error. | Optional | 
```

>| 6 | demiadmin | True | Integration | Test | demiadmin@redmine-test.local | 2024-02-29T10:27:31Z | 2024-02-29T10:55:25Z |
>| 1 | user | True | UserName | LastName | user@example.com | 2024-02-28T18:34:10Z | 2024-02-29T09:50:10Z |

### redmine-priority-id-list

***

> Returns a list of priorities (priority name to priority id).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list of priorities (priority_name to priority_id).
```

#### Base Command

`redmine-priority-id-list`

#### Input

There are no input arguments for this command.

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | Redmine.priorities.ID | str | ID of priority field. | 
> | Redmine.priorities.Name | str | Name of priority field. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Redmine.priorities.ID | str | ID of the priority field. | 
| Redmine.priorities.Name | str | Name of the priority field. | 
```

#### Command example
```!redmine-priority-id-list```
#### Context Example
```json
{
    "Redmine": {
        "priorities": [
            {
                "ID": 1,
                "Name": "Low"
            },
            {
                "ID": 2,
                "Name": "Normal"
            },
            {
                "ID": 3,
                "Name": "High"
            },
            {
                "ID": 4,
                "Name": "Urgent"
            },
            {
                "ID": 5,
                "Name": "Immediate"
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### priorities name to id List:
>|ID|Name|
>|---|---|
>| 1 | Low |
>| 2 | Normal |
>| 3 | High |
>| 4 | Urgent |
>| 5 | Immediate |

### redmine-status-id-list

***

> Returns a list of statuses (status name to status id).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list of statuses (status_name to status_id).
```

#### Base Command

`redmine-status-id-list`

#### Input

There are no input arguments for this command.

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | Redmine.statuses.ID | str | ID of status field. | 
> | Redmine.Users.Name | str | Name of status field. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Redmine.statuses.ID | str | ID of the status field. | 
| Redmine.Users.Name | str | Name of the status field. | 
```

#### Command example
```!redmine-status-id-list```
#### Context Example
```json
{
    "Redmine": {
        "statuses": [
            {
                "ID": 1,
                "Name": "help"
            },
            {
                "ID": 2,
                "Name": "In Progress"
            },
            {
                "ID": 3,
                "Name": "Resolved"
            },
            {
                "ID": 4,
                "Name": "Feedback"
            },
            {
                "ID": 5,
                "Name": "Closed"
            },
            {
                "ID": 6,
                "Name": "Rejected"
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### statuses name to id List:
>|ID|Name|
>|---|---|
>| 1 | help |
>| 2 | In Progress |
>| 3 | Resolved |
>| 4 | Feedback |
>| 5 | Closed |
>| 6 | Rejected |

### redmine-tracker-id-list

***

> Returns a list of trackers (tracker name to tracker id).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list of trackers (tracker_name to tracker_id).
```

#### Base Command

`redmine-tracker-id-list`

#### Input

There are no input arguments for this command.

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | Redmine.trackers.ID | str | ID of tracker field. | 
> | Redmine.trackers.Name | str | Name of tracker field. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Redmine.trackers.ID | str | ID of the tracker field. | 
| Redmine.trackers.Name | str | Name of the tracker field. | 
```
